{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\ul\b\fs40 1.INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES\fs56\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\f1\fs28 1.1 INTRODUCTION\ulnone\b0\f0\fs22\par
\f1\fs24 AGRO TECH is an application that helps in increasing the profit of farmers and  \par
growth of the agricultural sectors. Farmers are the backbone of our country, \par
by this application  can helps our farmers by selling their products, provide \par
farming tips, update govt policies for our  farmers . This application  is used to \par
solve the problem of manual procedures, i.e.,it is used in fully computerized \par
method to manage all the data.\par
\f0\fs28\par
\tab\f1\fs24\tab Market is the main problem faced by the farmers. Often they \par
have to sell their products at a low price , this causes loss to the farmers. \par
AGRO TECH  application is used to solve this problem. It provide an online \par
marketing fecilities to sell their product at reasonable price. In the registered \par
farmers enter their products details according to product category they want \par
to sell and also add product quantity, price, product descriptions etc. Users \par
can order quality products as per their choice. The ordered product is safely \par
delivered to the customer through the delivery agent. If the farmer adds a \par
non-quality product , the admin also provides the fecility to delete that \par
product. \par
\par
\tab\tab Often farmers are not aware the benifits they are entitled to. \par
Through the AGRO TECH application, it is understood what are the \par
government policies related to farmers and how to apply them. It helps to \par
expand the employment of farmers.\par
\par
\tab\tab Another advantages of AGRO TECH application is to provide \par
veterinery doctors fecilities to the farmers. According to requirment of \par
farmers, the doctors can be contacted and doubt can be clearly easily.\par
\par
\ul System Working\par
\ulnone There are 4 types of users are available in this system. They are Admin, \par
Customer, Farmer and Farmhouse. The index page has a navigation bar for \par
login and registration. \par
\par
If you choose registration of farmers or farmhouse you can enter personal \par
details about Name, Email, Phone number, Password, and Id Proof(Any \par
government Autherized ID Card photo can be uploaded). \par
If you choose registration for customers can enter same as farmer or \par
farmhouse, but Id Proof submission cannot be required. \par
\par
The registered farmers and farmhouses need to be approved by admin to \par
login to the application. The farmer or farmhouse rejected by the admin \par
cannot login to the application. Otherwise If log in as normal customers, you \par
can enter the system without admin approval. \par
\ul\f0\fs28\par
\b\f1 Login page\b0\f0\par
\ulnone\f1\fs24 User only has to input their Email address and Password. Application checks \par
weather the Email is present, if present, what type of user etc. and redirects \par
to corresponding home pages.\par
\par
Farmers Home Page:-\par
\f0\fs28\tab\par
\par
\par
\tab\par
\tab\tab\fs22\par
\fs20\par
\ul\b\f1\fs28 1.2 OBJECTIVES OF THE PROJECT\ulnone\b0\f0\fs20\par
\f1\fs24 The main objectives of the project is to provide online fecility for the care of \par
agricultural sectors. A farmer can exact information through this online \par
service. Objectives include :-\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs28 Increasing the profit and growth of farmers.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}It helps to produce quality crops.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}The product can be sold at a reasonable price.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}User friendly\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Provides better services for beginners and seasoned farmers.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}provide self treatement tips.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Veterinery doctors fecilities are available.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs52\par
\fs36 1.3 PROJECT CATOGORY\ulnone\b0\fs24\par
\f1 It is a web-based environment with Python with Django Framework 3.1.1 as the \par
server-side Scripting language and MySQL 5.6.25 as the relational DBMS. At the \par
client side will be using browsing software\rquote s like Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox \par
etc. As front-end design is born using Python with HTML 5, Cascading Style \par
Sheet (CSS) and Bootstrap, with back-end/RDBMS: MySQL DB  \f0\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs52\par
\fs32 TOOLS/ENVIRONMENT USED\par

\pard\li990\sa434\sl259\slmult0\ulnone\b0\f1\fs24 HARDWARE: - \f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li990\sa227\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 Intel core i5 Processer \f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f1\fs24 8 GB RAM minimum \f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li990\sa373\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 1 TB HDD Space \f0\fs22\par

\pard\li990\sa413\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24  \f0\fs22\par

\pard\li990\sa433\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 SOFTWARE: - \f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li990\sa226\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 XAMP Server version 7.2 \f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li990\sa225\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 Sublime text Version 3.1.1 \f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li990\sa230\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 Browsers (Google Chrome/IE/Mozilla Firefox) \f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li990\sa373\sl259\slmult0\f1\fs24 Operating System: Windows 10/Linux distros (like Ubuntu) \f0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\fs52\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\par

\pard\li2160\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\fs36 2.SYSTEM STUDY\fs72\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 2.1 PRELIMINARY INVESTIGATION\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 Preliminary investigation is to determine whether the problem or deficiency \par
in the current system really exists. The project team may re-examine some of \par
the feasibility aspects of the project. At this point, the purpose is to make \par
\ldblquote go\rdblquote  \'84or no-go\f2\u8223? decision.it occurs within a short period ranging from a few \par
hours to a few days and should not exceed two to three days. The purpose of \par
t\f0\lang16393 he \f2\lang9 preliminary investigation is to determine whether the\f0\lang16393  \f2\lang9 problem or \par
deficiency in the current system really exists. The end result is a decision to \par
proceed further or to\f0\lang16393  \f2\lang9 abandon the project.\par
\fs40\par
\fs28 The steps in the preliminary investigation are: \par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0 Understand the problem or opportunity\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Define project scope and constraints\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Finding facts \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Estimate project benefit\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Estimate time and cost\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32\par
\fs28 Preliminary investigation should accomplish the following objectives\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Clarify and understand the project request .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Determine the technical and operational feasibility of alternative approaches.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Report the finding to management, with recommendations outlining the acceptance or rejection the proposal. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs32  Benefit to organization\fs28\par
\f1\fs24 Using this application farmers can easily sell their products in online ,produce \par
quality crops, easy to understood government policies related to farmers, and \par
provide self treatement tips and doctors helps.\par
\par
\fs28 The management cost \f0\fs32\par
\f1\fs24 Cost generally refers to the expenses incurred on manual inputs required for \par
marketing. The objective of the management process is not reducing the cost but \par
reducing the cost only up to the stage where the standard of the farmers is not \par
hampered. It will include the cost of hardware software (OS, add-on software, \par
utilities) and maintenance of agricultural sectors.  \f0\fs22\par
\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\fs20\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs52\par
\fs32 2.2 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT LIFE CYCLE\fs52\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28 The model that I will basically follow is the waterfall model. In the waterfall \par
model the sequence of activities performed in a software development \par
include. Detail design, Coding ,Unit testing ,System integration & testing \par
Following is a diagrammatic representation of different phases of waterfall \par
model. I will choose to use waterfall model due to the following benefits \par
Advantages of waterfall model:\par
\par
It is easy to manage due to manage because each phase has specific \par
deliverable and a review process. Phases are processed and completed one \par
at a time. The phases do not overlap. Works well for smaller projects where \par
requirements are very well understood. My project requirements are well \par
understood. Simple and easy to understand and use. In this model the \par
sequence of activities performed in a software development project are: -\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Requirement Analysis\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Project Planning \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} System design\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Detail design \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Coding \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Unit testing. \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} System integration & testing\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs18\par
\fs28 Here the linear ordering of these activities is critical. End of the phase and the \par
output of one phase is the input of another phase. The output of each phase \par
is to be consistent with the overall requirement of the system. Spiral model is \par
also incorporated like after the people concerned with the project review \par
completion of each of the \ul\b 550 50 \ulnone\b0 work done. WATER FALL MODEL was being \par
chosen 9 because all requirements were known before hand and the \par
objective of our software development is the computerization/automation \par
of an already existing manual working system...............................\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\fs20\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\li2160\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs36 3. FEASIBILITY STUDY\b0\fs32\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\par
\par
\b 3.1 ECONOMIC FEASIBILITY\b0\par
\ulnone\fs28 It is the measure of cost effectiveness of the project. Th economic feasibility \par
is nothing but judging whether the possible benefit of solving the problems is \par
worth while or not. At the feasibility study level, it is impossible to estimate \par
the cost because customer\rquote s requirements and alternative solution has not \par
been identified at this stage. However, when the specific requirements and \par
solutions have been identified, the analyst weights the cost and benefits of all \par
solutions, this is called \ldblquote cost benefit analysis\rdblquote . A project is expensive when \par
compared to the savings that can be made from this usage, then this project \par
may be treated as economically infeasible..............................................\ul\par
\fs32\par
\par
\par
\b 3.2 TECHNICAL FEASIBILITY\b0\par
\ulnone\fs28 Technical feasibility is concerned with the availability of hardware and \par
software for the development of the system, to see compatibility and \par
maturity of the technology proposed to be used and to see the availability of \par
the required technical manpower to develop the system. These three issues \par
are addressed during this study.\par
\par
\tab 1. \tab Is the proposed technology proven and practical? At this \tab stage, \par
\tab\tab the analyst has to see or identify the proposed technology, its  \tab\par
\tab\tab maturity, its ability or scope of solving the problem.\par
\par
\fs32\tab 2. \tab\fs28 The next question is: does the firm possess the necessary \tab\tab\par
\tab\tab technology it needs. Here, we have to \tab ensure that the required \par
\tab\tab technology is practical, and available\fs32 .\par
\par
\tab 3. \tab\fs28 The last issue related to technical feasibility is the availability of \tab\par
\tab\tab technical expertise. In this case, \tab Software and Hardware are \tab\par
\tab\tab available. But it may be difficult to find skilled manpower.\par
\par
Our project is a web-based application which base on the client-server-based \par
application every page as output is render from server to client so it is \par
necessary that the page should be rendered in time. For this I have avoided \par
more and more code in the page-load event.\tab\par
\fs24\tab\fs28\par
\ul\b\fs32 3.3 OPERATIONAL FEASIBILITY\par
\ulnone\b0 Operational feasibility is all about problems that may arise during operation. There are two aspects related with this issue:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\fs28  What is the probability that the solution developed may not be put to use or may not work?\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  What is \ul\b inclination\ulnone\b0  of the management and end users towards the solution? \par

\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Though, there is very least possibility of management being \ul\b averse\ulnone\b0  to \par
the solution, there is a significant probability that the end user may not \par
be interested in using the solution due to lack of training, insight, etc.\par
Also, there are other issues related with operational feasibility:\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\b\fs32 Information: \ulnone\b0\fs28 The system needs to provide the adequate, timely, accurate \par
and useful information. It should be able to supply all the useful and required \par
information to all levels and categories of users.\par
\fs32\par
\ul\b Response time\fs36 : \ulnone\b0\fs28 It needs to study the response time of the in term of \par
throughput. It should be first enough to give the required output to the users. \par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 Accuracy: \ulnone\b0\fs28 A software system must operate accurately. It means that it \par
should provide value to its users. Accuracy is the degree to which the \par
software performs its required functions and gives desired output correctly\fs32 .\par
\par
\ul\b Security: \ulnone\b0\fs28 There should be adequate security to information and data. It \par
should be able to protect itself from fraud\fs32 .\par
\par
\ul\b Services: \ulnone\b0\fs28 The system needs to able to provide desirable and reliable \par
services to its users.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 Efficiency: \ulnone\b0\fs28 The system needs to able to use maximum of the available \par
resources in an efficient manner, so that there are no delays in execution of \par
jobs. A proposed system is beneficial only if it can be turned into an \par
information system that will meet the operational requirements of an \par
organization. A system often fails it does not fill within existing operations \par
and if users resist the change. The new system is more user friendly, which \par
enable the end user to complete his/her work efficiently and accurately. After \par
taking the above fact into considerations we can state the operating of the \par
proposed system within the organization is feasible.\par
\fs32\par
\par
\ul\b 3.4 FEASIBILITY REPORT\ulnone\b0\par
\fs28 A feasibility report is a report that evaluates a set of proposed project paths \par
or solutions to determine if they are \ul\b viable\ulnone\b0 . The purpose of a feasibility \par
report is to determine the feasibility of solutions or project paths and choose \par
the best option. The feasibility report serves to break down different \par
approaches to a problem or project and help readers understand the \par
feasibility of each approach. It is an evaluation and analysis of the potential of \par
the proposed project which based on extensive investigation and research to \par
give full comfort to the decision marker. It tests the technical, operational \par
and economic feasibility for adding new modules and debugging old running \par
systems.\par
\fs32\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs36 4.SYSTEM ANALYSIS\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\fs32\par
4.1 SYSTEM ANALYSIS\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28 System analysis is the process of collecting and interpreting facts, identifying \par
the problems, and decomposition of a system into its components.System \par
analysis is conducted for the purpose of studying a system or its parts in \par
order to identify its objectives. It is a problem-solving technique that \par
improves the system and ensure that all the components of the system work \par
efficiently to accomplish their purpose. System analysis deal with a detailed \par
study of the various performed by the system and their relationship within \par
and outside of the system. System analysis is the heart of the process. \par
Analysis has several sub-phases. The first is requirements determination, \par
second is the requirements are studied and structured in accordance with \par
their inter\'02relationships and eliminate any redundancies. Third, alternative \par
initial design is generated to match requirements.\par
\ul\b\par
\fs32\par
SOFTWARE REQUIREMENT SPECIFICATION:\par
Introduction\par
\ulnone\b0\f3\'d8\f0  Purpose\par
\tab\f1\fs24 The purpose of AGRO TECH application is to help farmers to sell their \par
products, easy to understood government policies related to agricultural sectors, \par
rent agricultural machines and provide farming tips like self treatment, fertilizers, \par
crops, cultivation process etc. This application is userfriendly and suitable farmers \par
and normal users.\par
\f3\fs32\'d8\f0  Scope\par
\par
\f3\'d8\f0  Overview\par
..........................\par
\par
General description\par
........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\par
\ul USER CHARECTERISTICS\ulnone\par
........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\par
\ul\b 4.2 SOFTWARE DESCRIPTION\ulnone\b0\par
\fs28 In this section a brief introduction of the language and software used in the \par
proposed system are discussed below :\par
\fs32\par
\ul\b PYTHON PROGRAMMING LANGUAGEo\par
\ulnone\b0\par
................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\ul\b ADVANTAGES OF PYTHON\fs36\par
\ulnone\b0\fs32 ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b 4.3 IMPORTANCE OF COMPUTERISED SYSTEM\fs36\par
\ulnone\b0\fs32\par
\fs28 Data standardization and accuracy.\fs32\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\fs28 Improved analytical capabilities. Analyses not manually practical, can be easily done by a computer Graphs and Charts also available. \par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Cost savings by increasing employee productivity, decreasing manpower etc. \par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Ready availability of data and ready reproduction (printed copy) of the stored data.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Elimination of monotonous or exhaustive manual labour. \par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  No need to keep duplicate records (copies). Reducing files and their storing Space.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Improved communication with neat, clean and correct copies electronic mail systems can facilitate communication within and between hide facilities and within short time. \par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\ul\b\fs32 4.4 METHODS USED FOR GATHERING INFORMATION\ulnone\b0\par
\fs28 There are the following three methods of information gathering:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Foot printing\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Scanning \par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Enumeration \par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\ul\fs32 Foot printing\ulnone\par
\fs28 In this technique, the information of a target network or system or victim is \par
collected as much as possible. Foot printing provides various ways to \ul\b intrude\ulnone\b0  \par
on the system of an organization. The security \ul\b posture \ulnone\b0 of the target is also \par
determined by this technique. It can be active as well as passive. In Passive \par
foot printing, the information of any user is collected without knowing him. If \par
the user's sensitive information gets released intentionally and consciously or \par
by the direct contact of the owner, active foot printing will be created. Foot \par
printing techniques are three types. These are as follows:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Open-source foot printing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Network-based foot printing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} DNS \ul\b interrogation\ulnone\b0  \par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\fs32\par
\ul Scanning \ulnone\par
\fs28 Another essential step of foot printing is scanning, which contains the \par
package of techniques and procedures. In the network, hosts, ports and \par
various services are identified by it. It is one of the components of \par
information gathering mechanism and intelligence gathering, which is 19 \par
used by an attacker to create an overview scenario of the target. To find out \par
the possibility of network security attacks, pen-testers use vulnerability \par
scanning. Due to this technique, hackers can find vulnerabilities like weak \par
authentication, unnecessary services, missing patches, and weak encryption \par
algorithms. So, an ethical hacker and pen-tester provide the list of all \par
vulnerabilities they found in an organization's network.There are three types \par
of scanning:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  Port scanning \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Network scanning\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Vulnerability scanning\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\fs32\par
\ul Enumeration\ulnone\par
\fs28 Enumeration is the process in which information is extracted from the system \par
like machine names, user names, network resources, shares and services. In \par
enumeration, an active connection is established with the system by the \par
hacker. Hackers use this connection and gain more target information by \par
performing direct queries. If the attacker wants to directly exploit the system, \par
the outcome of the enumeration phase is very useful for them. That's why, in \par
penetration testing, the enumeration phase is considered risky.\par
There are different types of enumeration. These are follows: \par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0  NetBIOS Enumeration \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} SNMP Enumeration \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} LDAP Enumeration \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} NTP Enumeration \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} SMTP Enumeration\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} DNS Enumeration\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\fs32\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs36 5.SYSTEM DESIGN\ulnone\b0\fs32\par
\par
\ul\b\fs36\par
\par
\par
\fs32 5.1. MODULE DESCRIPTION\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\fs28  Admin\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Customer\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Farmer\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} FarmHouse\fs32\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul Admin\ulnone\par
........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\ul Customer\ulnone\par
........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\ul Farmer\ulnone\par
........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\ul  FarmHouse\fs36\par
\ulnone\fs32 ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\ul\fs36\par
\b\fs32 5.2 TABLE DESIGN\b0\fs36\par
\ulnone\fs32\par
\ul FarmHouse_Registration:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 FarmHouse_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 First_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Last_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Address\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Longtext\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh249\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Phone_Number\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Email_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Password\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(15)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Id_Proof\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 User_Type\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int(11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 City\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 District\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 State\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par
\par
Farmer_Registration:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Farmer_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 First_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Last_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Address\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Longtext\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh249\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Phone_Number\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Email_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Password\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(15)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Status\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Tinyint(1)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 User_Type\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int(11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 City\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 District\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 State\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par
Customer_Registration:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 User_Id \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 First_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Last_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Address\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Longtext\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh249\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Phone_Number\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Email_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Password\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(15)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Status\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Tinyint(1)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 User_Type\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int(11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 City\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 District\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 State\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par
Tip_Category:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Tip_Cat_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Category\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100) \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par
 Tips:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Tip_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Image\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Description\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Longtext\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Category_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int(11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Foreign Key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 FarmHouse_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Foreign Key\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs22\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32 Rental_Request:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Req_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int (11)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 No_\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Description\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (200)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh249\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Image\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh197\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 FarmHouse_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int \f0\fs22\cell\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32 Govt. Policy Table:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Govt._Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Policy_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Description\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Pdf_File\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar (100)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32 Machines_Table:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Machine_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Machine_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Rental_Amount\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 FarmHouse_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32 Machine Rent Table:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Rent_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Number of Days\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Total_Amount\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh243\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Machine_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs22\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32 Farming Product Table:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Product_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Product_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh381\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Farmer_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh330\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Price\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh337\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Quantity\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh330\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Category_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int\f0\fs22\cell\cell\row 
\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\ul\fs32\par
\par
Product Category Table:\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trrh629\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\ulnone\b\f1\fs36 Fields\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Data type\b0\f0\fs22\cell\b\f1\fs36 Relationship\b0\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh313\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Category_Id\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Int \f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Primary key\f0\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trrh277\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx3005\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx6010\clcfpat1\clcbpat2\clbrdrl\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrt\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrr\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1\clbrdrb\brdrw8\brdrs\brdrcf1 \cellx9016 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs28 Category_Name\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Varchar(50)\f0\fs22\cell\f1\fs28 Not null\f0\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 5.3 DATA INTEGRITY AND CONSTRAINTS\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 Data integrity is referring to maintaining and assuring the accuracy and \par
consistency of data over its entire life-cycle. Database Systems ensure data \par
integrity through constraints which are used to restrict data that can be \par
entered or modified in the database.In this project data security, data \par
validation checking methods are applied using a password authentication. \par
Generally the access to the whole system can be provided only if given user id \par
and password as authorized otherwise, an error message box is displayed \par
once user gives correct password he is authenticated and hence permitted to \par
get in to the master form. Data integrity refers to the process of ensuring that \par
a database remains an accurate reflection of the universe of discourse it is \par
modelling or representing. in other words there is a close correspondence \par
between the facts stored in the database and the real world it models data \par
integrity is normally enforced in a database system by a series of integrity \par
constraints or rules. Three types of integrity constraints are an inherent part \par
of the relational data model, entity integrity, referential integrity and domain \par
integrity. \b Entity integrity \b0 is\b  \b0 the concept of a primary key. Entity integrity is \par
integrity rule which status that every table must have a primary key and that \par
the column or columns chosen to be the primary key should be unique and \par
not null.\b  Referential integrity \b0 concerns the concept of a foreign key. The \par
referential integrity rules states that any foreign key value can only be in one \par
of two states. \b Domain integrity \b0 specifies that all columns in relational \par
database must be declared upon a defined domain.A constraint is a property \par
assigned to a column or the set of columns in a table that prevents certain \par
type of inconsistent data values from being placed in the column Constraints \par
are used to enforce the data integrity. This ensures the accuracy and \par
reliability of the data in the database\fs32 .\par
\b A PRIMARY KEY \b0\fs28 constraint is a unique identifier for a row within database. \par
Every table should have a constraint to uniquely identify each row and only \par
one primary key constraint can be created for each table. A UNIQUE \par
constraint enforces the uniqueness of the value in a set of columns, So, no \par
duplicate values are entered. The unique key constraints are used to enforce \par
entity integrity as the primary key constraint.\par
\b\fs32 A FOREIGN KEY \b0\fs28 constraint prevents any action that would destroy link \par
between tables with the corresponding data values. A CHECK constraint is \par
used to limit the values that can be placed in a column. The check constraint \par
is used to enforce domain integrity. A NOT NULL constraint enforces that \par
column will not accept null value. The not null constraint is used to enforce \par
domain integrity, as the check constraints\fs32\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 NORMALIZATION\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 Normalization is the process of organizing data in a database. This includes \par
creating tables and establishing relationships between those tables according \par
to rules designed both to protect the data and to make the database more \par
flexible by eliminating redundancy and inconsistent dependency. so that it \par
meets two basic requirements:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32  \fs28 There is no redundancy of data, all data is stored in only one place.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Data dependencies are logical, all related data items are stored together.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Normalization is important for many reasons, but chiefly because it allows \par
databases to take up as little disk space as possible, resulting in increased \par
performance. Normalization is also known as data normalization. Managing \par
a database with anomalies is next to impossible.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\fs32 Update Anomalies\ulnone : \fs28 If data items are scattered and are not linked to  each other property, then it could lead to strange situations.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\fs32  \ul Deletion Anomalies\ulnone : \fs28 We tried to delete a record, put parts of it was left undeleted because of unawareness, the data is also saved     somewhere else\fs32 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} \ul Insert Anomalies\ulnone : \fs28 We tried to insert data in a record that does not exist at all.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Normalization is a method to remove all these anomalies and bring the \par
database to a consistent state.\par
\fs32\par
\ul\b First Normal Form\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 An entity is in the first normal form if it contains no repeating groups. In \par
relational terms, a table is in the first normal form if it \fs32 contains no \par
\fs28 repeating columns. Repeating columns make your data less flexible, waste \par
disk space, and makes it more difficult to search for data.\par
\ul\b\fs32 In 1st NF\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \fs28 The table cells must be of a single value.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Eliminate repeating groups in individual tables.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Create a separate table for each set of related data.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Identify each set of related data with a primary key.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\fs32 Second Normal Form\fs36\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28 A relation is in 2NF if it is in 1NF and every non-key attribute is fully \par
dependent on each candidate key of the relation. That is, for relation where \par
primary key contains multiple attributes, non-key attributes should be \par
functionally dependent on a part of the primary key.\par
\ul\b\fs32 In 2nd NF\ulnone\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Remove Partial Dependencies.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} \ul Functional Dependency: \ulnone The value of one attribute in a table is determined entirely by the value of another.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\ul Partial Dependency\ulnone : A type of functional dependency where an attribute is functionally dependent on only part of the primary key (primary key must be a composite key).\fs20\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\fs28  Create a separate table with the functionally dependent data and the part of the key on which it depends. The tables created at this step will usually contain descriptions of resources\fs20 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\fs32 Third Normal Form\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 A relation is in third normal form if it is in 2NF and every non-key attribute of \par
the relation is non-transitively dependent on each candidate key of the \par
relation.\par
\ul\b\fs32 In 3rd NF\ulnone\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28  Remove transitive dependencies.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Transitive Dependency A type of functional dependency where an attribute is functionally dependent on an attribute other than the primary key. Thus, its value is only indirectly determined by the primary key.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Create a separate table containing the attribute and the fields that are functionally dependent on it. The tables created at this step will usually contain descriptions of either resources or agents. Keep a copy of the key attribute in the original file.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32\par
\ul\b 5.4 USER INTERFACE DESIGN\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 User interface (UI) design is the process designers use to build interfaces in \par
software or computerized devices, focusing on looks or style. Designers aim \par
to create interfaces which users find easy to use and pleasurable. UI design \par
refers to graphical user interfaces and other forms. User gets a friendly \par
environment to interact with the software fields. As we are doing the \par
program in PYTHON and \ul\b Android \ulnone\b0 the user can view different forms and data \par
access as well as entering is easy. The user\rquote s interaction with system is \par
through forms. Forms are related to databases, So, that it becomes easy to \par
enter the data in to the system. Once the input forms are designed the actual \par
data must be entered in to forms, the data entry must be done carefully to \par
avoid any incorrect data. Farms are designed in such a way that during the \par
processing the cursor is placed in the position where the data must be \par
entered the designed forms must be user friendly.\par
\ul\b\fs32 INPUT DESIGN:\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 The goal of input design is to capture data and get that data into a format \par
suitable for the computer. When we computerize a system, the user-oriented \par
program is to be converted into programmer-oriented specification for the \par
computer-based system. All systems need some input data for processing. In \par
order to achieve the objectives of the system, input should be given \par
accurately at the right time. Any ambiguity concerning the inputs will lead to \par
total faults in the functioning of the System. The most common source of \par
inaccurate data processing errors is the inaccurate input data, the errors \par
made by users can be controlled by input design. The aim of input design is to \par
make operation as easy and error free as possible.\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 OUTPUT DESIGN:\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 The output design has been done so that the results of processing should be \par
communicated to the user. Effective output design will improve the clarity \par
and performance of outputs. Output is the main reason for developing the \par
system and the basis on which they will evaluate the usefulness of the \par
application. Output design phase of the system is concerned with the \par
convergence of information to the end user-friendly manner. The output \par
design should be efficient, Intelligible so that system relationship with the end \par
user is improved and they're by enhancing the process of decision-making.\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 5.5 DATA FLOW DIAGRAM\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 DFD stands for DATA FLOW DIAGRAM. It maps out the flow of information \par
for any process or system. The DFD also provide the information about the \par
inputs and outputs of each entity and the process itself. A data flow diagram \par
has no control flow-there no decision rules and no loops. Specific operations \par
depending on the type of data can be explained by a flowchart. Data Flow \par
Diagram can be represented in several ways. The DFD belongs to structured \par
analysis modelling tools. Data Flow Diagram are very popular because they \par
help us to visualize the major steps and data involved in software system \par
processes.\fs22\par
\fs28 The following are various components of a Data Flow Diagram\par
\par
\f3\'d8\f0  \fs32 Process\fs28\par
During a process the input data is acted upon by various instructions whose \par
result is transformed data. The transformed data may be stored or \par
distributed.\par
...............................................\par
\fs22\par
\f3\fs32\'d8\f0  Data Flow\fs28\par
Data moves in a specific direction from a point of origin to point of \par
destination in the form of a document, letter, telephone call or virtually any \par
other medium. The data flow is a \ldblquote packet\rdblquote  of data\par
............................\par
\f3\fs32\'d8\f0  Source or sink of data\fs28\par
The origin and or destination of data sometimes referred to as external \par
entities. These external entities may be people, programs, organization or \par
other entities interact with the system but are outside its boundaries.\par
......................................\par
\f3\fs32\'d8\f0  Data store\fs28\par
A data store is data at rest, which may take the form of many different \par
physical representations.\par
..........................................\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs28 Level 0 DFD\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 5.6 ENTITY RELATIONSHIP DIAGRAM\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 An Entity Relationship (ER) Diagram is a type of flowchart that illustrates how \par
\ldblquote entities\rdblquote  such as people, objects or concepts relate to each other within a \par
system. It is an organizing and documenting a system\rquote s data. Data modelling \par
is sometimes called database modelling because a data model is eventually \par
implemented as database. ER Diagrams are most often used to design or \par
debug relational databases in the fields of software engineering, business \par
information systems, education and research. Also known as ERDs or ER \par
Models, they use a defined set of symbols such as rectangles, diamonds,\par
ovals and connecting lines to depict the interconnectedness of entities, \par
relationships and their attributes. They mirror grammatical structure, with \par
entities as nouns and relationships as verbs.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32  \ul\fs28 Entities\ulnone\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab An entity is something about which the business needs to store \par
data. An entity is a class of persons, places, objects, events or concepts \par
about which we need to capture and store data. An entity instance is a \par
single occurrence of an entity. The notation is given below:\fs22\par
........................................................................................\par
\fs28 A week entity is an entity that must defined by a foreign key relationship \par
with another entity as it cannot be uniquely identified by its own attributes \par
alone.\par
\fs22 .................................................................................................................................\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\fs28 Attribute: \ulnone An attribute is a descriptive property or characteristic of \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 an entity. Synonyms include element, property and field. A compound \par
attribute is one that actually consists of other attributes. It is also known as a \par
composite attribute. \par
..................................................\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \ul Actions\ulnone\fs32\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Which are represented by diamond shapes, show how to entities share \par
information in the database. In some cases, entities can be self-linked.\par
................................\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul  Connecting lines\ulnone\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Solid lines that connect attributes to show the relationships of entities in \par
the diagram.\par
....................................\par
\ul Relationships: \ulnone A relationship is a natural business association that exists \par
between one or more entities. The relationship may represent an event \par
that links the entities.The following are some important terms related to ER \par
diagrams:\par
............................................\par
Cardinality defines the minimum and maximum number of occurrences \par
of one entity that may be related to a single occurrence of the other \par
entity. Because all relationships are bidirectional, cardinality must be \par
defined in both directions for every relationship. \par
................................\par
\ul Degree\ulnone : The degree of a relationship is the number of entities that \par
participate in the relationship.\par
........................................\par
\ul Recursive relationship: \ulnone A relationship that exists between different \par
instances of the same entity is called recursive relationship. \par
................................\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 5.7 USECAE DIAGRAM\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 A use case diagram is used to represent the dynamic behaviour of a system. \par
It encapsulates the system's functionality by incorporating use cases, actors, \par
and their relationships. It models the tasks, services, and functions required \par
by a system/subsystem of an application. It depicts the high-level \par
functionality of a system.\par
\fs22\par
\fs28 The main purpose of a use case diagram is to portray the dynamic aspect of a \par
system. It accumulates the system's requirement, which includes both \par
internal as well as external influences. It invokes persons, use cases, and \par
several things that invoke the actors and elements accountable for the \par
implementation of usecase diagrams. It represents how an entity from the \par
external environment can interact with a part of the system.\par
\par
Following are the purposes of a use case diagram given below:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 It gathers the system's needs.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}It depicts the external view of the system.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}It recognizes the internal as well as external factors that influence the system.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}It represents the interaction between the actors.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Following are some rules that must be followed while drawing a use case \par
diagram:\par
\fs36\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 A pertinent and meaningful name should be assigned to the actor or a use case of a system.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}The communication of an actor with a use case must be defined in an understandable way.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Specified notations to be used as and when required.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}The most significant interactions should be represented among the multiple number of interactions between the use case and actors.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\fs32 Usecase: Admin\ulnone\b0\fs28\par
\fs22\par
\par
\par
............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 5.8 SHEDULING\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 A system development process scheduling is an activity that distributes \par
estimated effort according to the planned project duration by allocating the \par
effort to specific software engineering tasks. But, at the early stage of the \par
project, macroscopic schedule is developed. This schedule identifies all major \par
activities of the project. As the project progresses, each entity of \par
macroscopic schedule is refined into a detailed schedule. For a systems \par
development, scheduling is meant for setting an end date to the project(s). \fs22\par
Now....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs36 6.SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 6.1 CODING\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 The input to the coding phase is the SDD document. In this phase, the design \par
document is coded according to the module specification. This phase \par
transforms the SDD document into a high. level language code. At present \par
major software companies adhere to some well specified and standard style \par
of coding called coding standards. Good coding standards improve the \par
understanding of code. Once a module is developed, a check is carried out to \par
ensure that coding standards are followed. Coding standards generally give \par
the guidelines about the following:\par
\fs22\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28  Name of the module \par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}Internal and External documentation of source code\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab} Modification history \par
{\pntext\f0 d.\tab} Uniform appearance of codes.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 PROGRAM CODE\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\par
........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\fs36 7.TESTING\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 7.1 TESTING\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 System testing is defined as testing of a complete and fully integrated \par
software product. This testing falls in black-box testing wherein knowledge of \par
the inner design of the code is not a pre-requisite and is done by the testing\par
team.System testing is performed in the context of a System Requirement \par
Specification (SRS) and/or a Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS). It \par
is the final test to verify that the product to be delivered meets the \par
specifications mentioned in the requirement document. It should investigate \par
both functional and non-functional requirements.\par
Software system meets its requirements and user expectations and does not \par
fail in an unacceptable manner. \par
\par
There are various types of system testing and the team should choose which \par
ones they would need before application deployment.\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 Types of Testing\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 Unit testing\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 Unit testing is the first level of testing of the software. It is done at the level of \par
each individual program. Unit testing is done by the developer who develops \par
that unit or program. Hence, it is under the category of white box testing. We \par
will be using the term developer or programmer hence forth. Both the terms \par
mean the person - who writes the code for the software.\par
In unit testing, the tester is the developer who has written that program. The \par
Developer tests the source code for its accuracy from different perspectives. \par
The Programmer tests whether the correctness or accuracy of the source \par
code works, to ensure that it works properly. Generates the output as it is \par
expected to in all possible cases.\par
\par
The main point here is to note that, unit testing is the responsibility of the \par
programmer who writes the programs. The Programmer is required to test \par
the program keeping in view of the code implemented. For instance,\par
If the for loop is implemented in the logic of the program, the programmer \par
must test the program for boundary values as well as for some inner values \par
and ensure that it gives the correct output in all possible cases.\par
If a program has file handling, then the programmer must include testing \par
depending on files features such as, different file attributes, end of file cases, \par
file exist or not etc.\par
\fs22\par
\fs28 If a program has mathematical computations, then the programmer must \par
ensure that the operation is understood and implemented, integer and \par
floating point arithmetic is taken care of, and precision errors are handled \par
properly. For each case the program must be executed and tested.\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 Module testing\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 Logically, a group of related programs that achieve a single task in an \par
application is usually known as a module. Testing a complete module, a \par
collection of related program units to check if the module is working properly \par
as a whole and producing the desired output is known as module testing.\par
Module testing may fall under the category of white box testing as well as \par
black box testing.\par
In the first step, the testing is performed by developers responsible for \par
implementing that module. It could be that a single developer has worked on \par
a complete module or there could be multiple developers working \par
simultaneously on the same module. All those who are involved in \par
implementing the module are responsible for testing the working of the \par
module as a whole. Again, we must understand that developers test the \par
complete module more for checking the accuracy of the code. The developer \par
conducts the white box testing of the module In unit testing, the focus was \par
only on testing a single program at once. Here, multiple programs \par
constituting that module are tested as a whole for complete accuracy.\par
\par
Once the developer is convinced that the program fulfils the requirements, \par
the module is delivered to the testing team or say, "the QA team The module \par
can be given to the QA team for thorough functionality testing of that \par
module The QA team again tests the module from different perspective. The \par
module is first tested for its basic functionality Once the QA team is assured \par
that the module works as it is expected to work and all features are fully \par
implemented, it is tested for other parameters such as efficiency, load, and \par
abnormal cases. This phase of module testing falls under the black box testing \par
category.\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 Integration Testing\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 After the different modules are implemented and tested independently, the \par
next level of the testing process is integration testing. Integration testing is \par
the step of software testing in which different modules are integrated and \par
tested together.\par
Usually, one assumes that there is no requirement for the integration testing \par
when thorough unit testing and module testing has been done. But, here, we \par
need to understand that in unit testing or module testing, we only check \par
independent programs mainly for finding errors. \par
Here, no attention is paid to test the interconnection or interfaces between \par
the various modules. Software, as we know, is the integrated collection of all \par
the modules. And these modules communicate with each other. In \par
integration testing, our focus is mainly on testing the interfaces between the \par
modules. In software, different modules interact with each other. Different \par
modules communicate with each other using interfaces or data. Usually, the \par
output of one module is passed as input to another module.\par
In integration testing, the main purpose is to detect problems in interfaces \par
between modules. We test whether the arguments passed by the calling \par
module are exactly the parameters expected by the called module. We must \par
test for any parameter mismatch on both sides.\par
Another main focus in integration testing is to move towards testing \par
functionality of modules as well. In this phase, different modules grouped \par
together are checked for functions they are required to perform. At this step, \par
we start taking the application as black box and test for functionality rather \par
than for finding bugs in the code.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 Strategy for Integration Testing\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
\fs28 A normal problem may arise here- the problem of how to go about \par
performing integration testing? What modules should be grouped together \par
and how? When we talk about performing integration testing, we basically \par
talk about two strategies:\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 Non-Incremental Integration\ulnone\b0\fs28\par
A simple approach is to group together all the modules or the modules that \par
make most of the system and conduct the testing. This is known as the Big \par
Bang approach. In this, all the modules are combined together and the \par
system is tested as a whole. This approach is not the preferred approach. \par
Once all the modules are integrated and tested it may result in chaos. Many \par
errors are identified. It becomes difficult to isolate the problem and the \par
module causing the problem. A lot of time is wasted in narrowing down the \par
code that is causing the error. In practice, it has been experienced that an \par
error initially seeming to be in one module is further narrowed down to some \par
other unrelated module. Hence this practice is time consuming and\par
inefficient.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 Incremental Integration\ulnone\b0\fs28\par
In incremental integration testing, step-by-step modules are grouped \par
together and tested. Modules are combined together in steps incrementally \par
to make subgroups. Each subgroup is then independently tested. Then the \par
subgroups are combined together to make larger groups and these groups \par
are then tested again. Incrementally, subgroups are combined and larger\par
groups are created and tested. This is repeated till all the modules are \par
grouped as a single unit and have been tested for flows.\par
\par
If we perform the integration testing in an incremental way carefully, it will \par
be easier to identify errors and the module where the error lies.\par
Two ways to perform incremental testing are the following:\par
\fs22\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs28 Top-Down Approach\par
{\pntext\f0 ii.\tab} Bottom-Up approach.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\fs28 In practice, whenever a new module is added we first test the functionality \par
that may be added by the new module. Then we must also test all the \par
functionality or test cases of the modules that were previously working well. \par
This is done to ensure that any changes caused due to addition of new \par
module does not affect the ones that were working prior to the \par
changed/added modules.\par
This is what is known as regression testing. This may be defined as, whenever \par
any change is made to the code or a new module is implemented and \par
integrated, all the possible test cases those that have been executed before \par
are also executed again to ensure that no error entered into the already \par
working software.\par
\fs22\par
\fs28 Regression testing is very important and performed by the QA team. A new \par
module is implemented and integrated into the software; it is handed over to \par
the QA team. It is the responsibility of the QA team to run all the possible test \par
cases as part of Regression Testing. If it is observed that a newly added \par
module is affecting the behaviour of modules that were working previously, \par
then it is reported as a major bug as part of the failure of integration testing.\par
\fs22\par
\ul\b\fs32 System testing\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
\fs28 System testing is the level of testing wherein a complete system is tested as a \par
whole. We must first understand what a system is. You might have read in \par
some fundamental course earlier, that, a system is not the only software we \par
develop Software is usually incorporated with other software\rquote s or installed in \par
an environment or within a hardware. A software with its complete \par
environment where it becomes operational is what we call a system.\par
\par
In system testing, we test the system as a whole with all parts integrated \par
together in an operational environment. This falls in the area of black box \par
testing. No logic or code is visible at this stage when the system testing is \par
performed Testing is performed totally from an operational point of view of \par
the system.\par
To test various parts and aspects of the complete system, system testing \par
comprises of different types of tests, each test type has a defined scope and \par
purpose. In the next few sections, we shall discuss the following types of \par
testing \par
performed as part of system testing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  Stress Testing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Security Testing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Load Testing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Performance testing\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} Recovery testing\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\fs32 Stress Testing\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28 Stress testing is performed to test the stability of a system in abnormal \par
conditions and notable environments. It is performed by executing the \par
system in such a manner that the system demands resources in enormous \par
quantities beyond normal capacity till the breaking point. Then the results are \par
observed. A stress testing of a software system is performed to measure its \par
robustness and to identify the breaking point or usage limit of the system.\par
\par
The goal of stress testing is to identify how the system behaves in abnormal \par
conditions. The goal is to make sure that the system does not stop abruptly in \par
case of heavy demands in terms of resources such as, memory or disk space, \par
etc.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32 Security Testing\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28 Security testing is crucial for software systems that deals with sensitive data \par
and information. When a system uses sensitive data and information, it is \par
very important to perform security testing. Such systems that deal with\par
 important data are usually the target of improper use or say penetration to \par
steal the information.\par
\par
\ul\b\fs32\par
\ulnone\b0\fs28\par
\par
}
 